I just want to look older man I'm
wishing for follicles this year you put
Rogaine on your face is that like safe
I'm kind of a hyper contract so I want
to look it up there's no information on
this it says don't use on your face but
I thought that was just like us they
think it won't work but I don't know we
should try I feel like if you're
inhaling it that's probably bad what if
it didn't work here but that my nose
here is fucking up ah my dad when he was
my age he had a fucking big ass like
pervy mustache I want that shit man cuz
I feel like dude took you want to look
older everyone keeps telling me Oh enjoy
looking young it's a good thing it's
annoying as shit like there's no
positive here's the thing you don't want
to look young you just don't want to
look like shit when you're old that's
really more the goal right cuz if you're
young like if you look younger than you
are it's disrespectful like when I was
ten years old people thought it was five
then I was 15 people thought it was five
I can't take this man like what's the
goal of what on nevels I think what you
look like when you're 40 is there some
prize of 40 I don't know if I huh like
when I'm gonna be 65 look like I'm 45
and then I died and was like a daughter
he was 45 like I said
I get carded at dannys for the senior
discount like where is the advantage
because I / dude you want to look older
because people like will trust you I
think about like in media it's like it's
all about young girls you know like
Miley Cyrus or whoever you know it's
always like that's the girl in the news
but dudes is the opposite it's like you
want to be like Sean Connery or George
Clooney and shit that's like sexy wisdom
and shit right no one cares about young
guys everyone just shits on young guy
like what if there was an emergency
rights like an earthquake or some shit
and I just come busting in the door like
oh shit what can I do yours going to
find an adult call somebody get some
help a ladder some black dude some duct
tape some more black dudes oh my gosh